Introduction 
The network services necessary to meet UIC requirements are detailed below. These services are to be considered a minimum implementation set within each UIC standard network. Railways may implement additional network services as desired.
Voice services 
This section describes the generic voice telephony services which are to be supported by the EIRENE network: 
Point-to-point voice calls. 
Public emergency voice calls. 
Broadcast voice calls. 
Group voice calls. 
Multi-party voice calls. 
All voice call services shall be able to operate between any combination of fixed and mobile equipment users. 
Point-to-point voice calls 
The system shall support point-to-point voice calls between any two call parties. 
Such point-to-point calls shall allow both parties to talk simultaneously. 
Public emergency voice calls 
The system shall allow a user to make public emergency point-to-point voice calls. 
Such emergency calls include ‘112’ calls and may not be used for railway emergencies. 
Broadcast voice calls 
The system shall support broadcast voice calls. 
Broadcast voice calls provide one-way voice communications from a single user to multiple users in a predefined local area, all of whom are members of the same call group. 
The composition of call groups shall be able to be modified within the network. A single user shall be able to be a member of one or more call groups. 
The local area over broadcast calls shall be implemented and can be modified within the network. 
It shall only be possible for the user who initiated the call to talk; other users can only listen. 
Group voice calls 
The system shall support group voice calls. 
Group voice calls provide voice communications between several users in a predefined local area, all of whom are members of the same call group. 
The composition of call groups shall be able to be modified within the network. A single user shall be able to be a member of one or more call groups. 
The local area over which group calls are implemented shall be able to be modified within the network. 
It is acceptable that only one mobile user involved in the group call may talk at any time. In this case: 
It shall be possible for controllers to speak at any time during the call. 
The system shall provide a mechanism to arbitrate between those users wishing to talk within the group call. 
Multi-party voice calls 
The system shall support multi-party voice communications between up to six different parties. 
Any parties involved in a multi-party voice call shall be able to talk simultaneously.