The system has a graphical user interface. 
 
Description and Priority 
The system has an easy-to-use graphical user interface that supports a mouse and a keyboard. 

Use Case 
The user starts the application
Description: This is a system initiation process. 
Precondition: The System has been correctly installed in the computer. 
Post-condition: The System is running and shows a graphical interface to the user. The user can use the system. 
Normal Sequence: The user activates the application. The system starts and shows the graphical interface to the user. The user can use the system. 

Exceptions 	
Condition: There is a problem loading a game or artificial intelligence. 
Action: The system informs the user about the error. 
Ending: The program is terminated. 

Functional Requirements 
GUI: The system uses a graphical user interface to display data to the user 
GUI.keyboardInput: The system can be used entirely with a keyboard 
GUI.mouseInput: The system can be used entirely with a mouse 

The player can choose multiple game types
Description and Priority 
The system supports multiple games, and the end user can add new games. By default, the system will implement three games. The priorities of the triangulation games are described in the following table: 

Category 			Game Type
 
Constructing (a Triangulation) 
			Monochromatic complete triangulation
			Monochromatic triangle 
			Bichromatic complete triangulation
			Bichromatic triangle 				
Transforming (a Triangulation) 
 			Monochromatic flipping		 		
			Monochromatic flipping to triangle 	
			Bichromatic flipping 				
			All-green solitaire (monochromatic) 
			Green wins solitaire 		
Marking (a Triangulation)
 			Triangulation coloring game (monochromatic)
			Bichromatic coloring game	
			Four-cycle game (monochromatic)
			Nimstring game (monochromatic)
This feature is of high priority.  

Use Case
The user starts a new game
Description:  	This use case describes the steps required to start a new game. 
Precondition:  The System is running and is not busy. 
Post-condition: A new game, a starting position, and artificial intelligence has been selected in the game menu. 
Normal Sequence: The user starts a new game with the menu. 
The system shows a list of games available. 
The user selects one of these games. 
The system offers the user the possibility of selecting a starting position. 
If the user accepts, the UC-003 is executed. Otherwise, a random starting position is selected. 
The system offers the user the possibility of selecting an artificial intelligence for each player of the game. If the user accepts, the UC-004 is executed. If not, the human player is chosen for the first player, and the random artificial intelligence is selected for the second. 
The system loads the selected game.  
Exceptions:
Condition: There is no game available. 
Action: The System shows an empty list—no possibility except canceling to run a game. 
Ending: The use case terminates. 
Functional Requirements 
Game.Multiple The system supports multiple games and can load other games from an external source.