BROWSE DATA  
View Bridge Data 
The user shall be able to view the data stored in the Physical Inventory tables through the Pontis graphical user interface (GUI). 
The user shall be able to switch between predefined structure lists. 
The user shall be able to select structures by structure ID, district, county, administrative area (geographic group), ownership, custodianship, functional class, NHS status, on/off the system, inspector, bridge group, inspection due dates, and all or some environment and elements.  The query shall be restricted depending on the user's privilege. 
The user shall be able to find structures based on the structure ID, structure name, feature intersected, facility carried, route number, LRS Inventory Route, KM/mileposts, structure types, design types, and materials by searching the notes fields.  The query shall be restricted depending on the user's privilege. 
The user shall be able to enter the "WHERE" clause SQL query in the Find and the Filter window and run a query against the bridges in the database.  The application will verify the query and report SQL errors to the user for correction.  This capability shall be an application privilege.  
Bridge-level security of the user shall be applied automatically. 
The user shall be able to select a structure by directly typing in the structure ID in GUI, with the display scrolling to that structure.  Bridge-level security of the user shall be applied automatically. 
The system shall display the data in the appropriate unit of measurement as configured for the application.  This display will be a permanent modal setting for the application.  This setting shall be configurable.
The user shall be able to select bridges on a supported map display and generate a bridge list for use within Pontis, for example, to perform a simulation analysis or to generate an inspection roster. 
View Project Data 
The user shall be able to view the data stored in the Project Planning tables through the GUI. 
The user shall be able to switch between predefined project lists. 
The user shall be able to filter and select projects by structure ID, project ID, program, action type, project status, review status, treatment, program year, and project end date.  
The user shall be able to find projects by project ID, project name, project status, structure ID, and program.   
The user shall be able to filter and select work candidates by structure ID, project ID, program, action type, project status, review status, treatment, program year, and project end date.  
The user shall be able to enter a WHERE clause SQL query in the Find and the Filter window and run a query against the projects in the database.  The application will verify the query and report errors to the user for correction.  This capability shall be an application privilege.  
Bridge-level security of the user shall be applied automatically. 
The user shall be able to select a project by directly typing in the project ID in the GUI, with the display scrolling to that structure.  Bridge or project-level security of the user shall be applied automatically. 
The user shall be able to select projects (work) on a supported map display and generate a project/bridge list for use within Pontis, for example, to display the results of a simulation analysis or to generate a STIP display.