User Access Module 
This section defines the three access levels, specifically outlining permissions and restrictions. 
 
Functional Requirements 
Requirement Definition: The system shall support an administrator level. 
Requirement Specification: The administrator will have the following privileges: 
Ability to create user groups such as NCSU TPP.org, GT TPP.org 
Ability to create project managers, analysts, and guests 
Ability to reset user passwords when needed 
Ability to disable access for old project managers, analysts, and guests. Removing old users implies removing their ability to access the system while preserving the information they entered. 

Requirement Definition: The system shall support a project manager level. 
Requirement Specification: The project manager will have the following privileges: 
Ability to insert a new privacy policy into the repository 
Ability to delete a privacy policy from the repository 
Ability to create/add a new domain of privacy policies (e.g., Healthcare, financial, e-commerce, a federal agency, etc.) 
Ability to assign analysts to user groups created by the administrator 
Ability to assign user groups and individual analysts to projects 
The project manager sets restrictions on access to certain kinds of information for guests 
Ability to export data from a project to an XML file so multiple project managers can use that data 
Ability to save the current version of the repository so that we can do an evolution analysis 

Requirement Definition: The system shall support an analyst level. 
Requirement Specification: An analyst will have the following privileges:  
Ability to select a privacy policy assigned to them by the project manager. 
Ability to add, delete and update goals 
Ability to add, delete and update scenarios  
Ability to view the details of any goal or a scenario in the repository, such as ID, description, source, keyword, taxonomy, actor, occurrence, relevant policy, etc. 
Ability to update personal profile such as name, ID, contact information, user groups, and passwords 
Ability to add, delete and update requirements 
Ability to add, delete and update access control policies such as subject, object, and action. 
Ability to view access control policies  

Requirement Definition: The system shall support a guest level. 
Requirement Specification:  The guest will have the following privileges:  
Ability to view kinds of information in the repository with restrictions set by the project manager. For instance, if a guest is given access permission to a particular privacy policy, they will not be able to view goal and scenario occurrences related to other privacy policies in the repository. 