E-Governance Mission Mode Project: Crime & Criminals Tracking Network and Systems
The functionality of the CCTNS application is focused on providing value to the police personnel, especially the officers operating at the cutting edge, and easing the day-to-day operations of the police function. 
Registration 
Citizens can register their complaints with the police, and then based on the evidence, facts, and following investigation, the police shall take the complaint forward. The Registration module acts as an interface between the police and citizens and eases the approach, interaction, and information exchange between police and complainants. 
Investigation 
After a complaint is initiated, the police initiate the investigation process. The Investigation module of the CCTNS facilitates the investigation process and introduces operational efficiencies by automating most of the tasks that take place after initial entries are made during Registration. 
Prosecution 
Interfacing with the courts during the prosecution of cases is an integral part of the responsibilities of police personnel. A designated constable from each police station constantly interfaces with the courts. The Prosecution module of the CCTNS aids this interfacing by providing a platform to record entries of the court interactions.
Search 
The Search module of the CCTNS gives police personnel the ability to execute a basic or advanced search on cases. Using the search functionality, police personnel can search for a particular person, type of crime, modus operandi, property, etc. It also allows the user to customize the results view by criminal/accused or by cases. It makes reporting easy for police by enabling them to execute queries such as monthly reporting, RTI-related, etc.
Citizen Interface 
The Citizen Interface module of the CCTNS acts as a conduit for the information exchange between citizens and police units/personnel. Citizens can use it to get information or acknowledgments from the police. The police, in turn, can use it to respond to citizens with very little turnaround time. It improves overall productivity by helping citizens and police to cut short the struggle of large amounts of paperwork. 
Navigation
The Navigation module of the CCTNS provides role-based landing pages that help navigate the CCTNS application. It shows information such as cases assigned, alerts, pending tasks, etc. hence helping police personnel to plan better and execute with greater efficiency. 
Application Configuration 
The Configuration module of the CCTNS helps keep the application configured according to the states’ requirements and maintains data elements/rules up to date. With a proper configuration, information such as acts and sections, state-specific data, castes, tribes, property information, etc., can be created, updated, and deleted.