Transferring Assets  
Within the same department: the database can be updated directly without any request. 
Inter departments: request must be approved by a DA group member and faculty group member unless it came from a higher level group.
Inter faculties transfer: request can be made by any authorized user and approved by a faculty group or higher level.
The university group should approve transfers outside the university.  

Editing Assets  
Any administrative level user or inventory user can edit an asset that belongs to its department; the same thing to the faculty user or university user to make modifications if authorized.  
 
Modifying assets  
all fields of an edited asset can be modified except Ids 
a bulk entry file can be used.
 
Adding inventory assets
The department owns any DA group member or authorized inventory group member asset.  
Any faculty member can add all related department's inventory.
Any university group member can add all assets to the inventory.
A bulk entry can be used to add many assets.
 
Creating a request to borrow an asset or reserve a location.
any authorized user can make request.
After creation, the request is still pending and waiting to be approved by an administrative-level user according to that authority.  
Returning assets
An inventory user should check returned assets and update the inventory.
Creating a new location  
IT group members can create a new space and modify the floor structure when they receive an exception request from any administrative level.
 
Approving requests  
Any administration level or authorized inventory group member can display all pending requests waiting for approval from this level and approve those requests.
When the request is treated user is notified by email.
The request is added to the waiting-for-execution list.
Inventory is updated when the user receives the requested asset.
 
Authentication  
Authentication is made by user name and a password for all users.
Administrative level working on administration computer.
 
Changing permission 
Any administrative-level user can delegate another user to execute some or all his authorized actions. And this user acquires the role of inventory administrator.