REQUIRED STATES AND MODES
Environmental Mode: This is the real-time operations that must react to varying degrees of readiness to full-scale wartime operations, such as crisis planning with heterogeneous data types and sources, transfer capabilities, and data management services. 
COE Compliance. XML Services shall be segmented. COE sponsors shall adhere to compliance-level requirements described in the I&RTS. 
In the fixed (static) mode of operation (base or data processing megacenter), the data management services shall be tuned by on-site personnel to adjust for varying workloads and sizes of associated databases. These workloads and databases are expected to change more frequently and to a greater extent than for processing associated with deployed units.
In a changing (dynamic) environment, such as with deployed units, the workload and database sizes may be more predetermined (given a more precise mission) and require access to fewer data management administrative capabilities than needed in a fixed environment. The XS shall be able to redefine or reset the names of connecting descriptors to database server instances. Connect descriptors are fully qualified object names, including the address (protocol/host/port) and instance name. 
In a degraded communications environment, there is a need, for example, to be able to reset session time-out values if the data management services are being accessed by users affected by the degradation of the communication. At a minimum, the session time-out values shall be user definable and be able to be reset before the initialization of a user session. The goal is to provide the option of dynamically changing session time values based on current communications performance identified by the network management or DBMS capabilities. 
End User Mode: A portion of XS services shall be used by various users: data consumers, data and database managers, and network information infrastructure resource managers. Some of these uses of the data management services will entail unique requirements that shall be fulfilled within the capability of XS services.
Maintenance Mode: This mode includes modification and addition of application data segments, user permission, privileges, and restructuring storage and memory areas. In addition, maintenance also shall pertain to shut down, open, not-mounted, and online/offline implementations, modifications, upgrade, or other related actions. The data management services shall support managing various types of data, database architectures, and platforms that include hardware and software at the specified sites. 
Training Mode. In support of training activities, the data management services shall provide the same processing encountered in a production environment. However, access to the database may be via a training application access to the DBMS rather than from the production mission application.