Provisioning Service Functionality
The new Service Provider will obtain authorization to port the customer and notify the old Service Provider according to processes internal to the Service Providers. The old and new Service Providers can notify the NPAC SMS from their Service Order Administration Systems (SOA). When the NPAC SMS receives the notification(s), it will perform certain validation checks and attempt to match the notification received from the new Service Provider with a concurring notification that may be sent from the old Service Provider. Assuming the notifications are valid, the two Service Providers will complete any physical changes required. When the new Service Provider's due date is reached, the new Service Provider can send an activation notice to the NPAC SMS. The NPAC SMS will broadcast the update in real-time to each local SMS. Upon receiving the update from the NPAC SMS, all Service Providers will update their networks. The NPAC SMS will record any transmission failures and take the appropriate action.
If either the old or new Service Providers did not notify the NPAC SMS, the NPAC SMS would notify the Service Provider from which it has yet received a notification that it is expecting a notification. If it receives the missing notification and the notifications indicate agreement among the Service Providers, the process proceeds as normal. If it still does not receive a notification and if it is the old Service Provider that failed to respond, the NPAC SMS will log the failure to respond and allow the new Service Provider to proceed with activation when the new Service Provider's due date is reached. If the new Service Provider fails to respond, the NPAC will log the failure to respond, cancel the request, and notify both Service Providers of the cancellation. If there is disagreement among the Service Providers regarding who will provide service for the telephone number, the conflict resolution procedures will be implemented (see Section 1.2.4). The Service Providers define processes for obtaining authorization from the customer to port a number. The NPAC is not involved in obtaining or verifying customer approval to port a TN.
Disconnect Service Functionality
When a ported number is disconnected, the customer and Service Provider will agree on a date. The current Service Provider will send an update indicating the disconnect to the NPAC SMS. The NPAC SMS will broadcast the update to all Service Providers based on the effective disconnect date and remove the telephone number from its database of ported numbers. Upon receiving the update, all Service Providers will remove the telephone number from their LNP databases. The NPAC SMS will log the update in history. Calls to the telephone number will be routed as a non-ported number.
Repair Service Functionality
A problem will be detected by a Service Provider or a customer contacting a Service Provider.
There will be audit capabilities in the NPAC SMS to aid in isolating problems. If an inaccuracy is found, the NPAC SMS will supply the correct data to any local SMS requesting updates.
Conflict Resolution Functionality
If Service Providers disagree on who will serve a particular line number, the NPAC SMS will place the request in the "conflict" state and notify both Service Providers of the conflict status and the Status Change Cause Code. The Service Providers will determine who will serve the customer via internal processes. When a resolution is reached, the NPAC will be notified and remove the request from the "conflict" state by the new Service Provider. The new Service Provider can cancel the Subscription Version.
Disaster Recovery and Backup Functionality
If unplanned downtime occurs, the NPAC will assess how long the primary machine will be down. The NPAC will notify all of the Service Providers of the situation and planned action by electronic notification and telephone calls to the Service Providers' contact numbers. The Service Providers will attempt to switch to the backup NPAC.

Order Cancellation Functionality
If only the new Service Provider has sent a Create Subscription, the new Service Provider may send a message to the NPAC SMS to cancel the Subscription Version. If only the old Service Provider has sent a Create Subscription, the old Service Provider may send a message to the NPAC SMS to cancel the Subscription Version. If both Service Providers have sent a Create Subscription, either may send a message to the NPAC SMS to cancel the Subscription Version. If both Service Providers concur with the cancellation, the NPAC SMS will set the Subscription Version to canceled and notify both Service Providers that the Subscription Version has been canceled. If the new Service Provider provides cancellation concurrence, the Subscription Version conflicts with the NPAC SMS. If the old Service Provider does not provide cancellation concurrence, the Subscription Version is set to cancel by the NPAC SMS.
Audit Request Functionality
An audit function will be necessary to troubleshoot customer problems and maintain the integrity of Subscription Version data across the entire LNP network. Audits will be concerned with comparing the NPAC SMS view of the LNP network's Subscription Version data with one or more of the Service Provider's views of its network. In the case of "on-demand" audits, audits may be initiated by any Service Provider who has reason to believe a problem may exist in another Service Provider's network. These audits are executed via queries to the appropriate Service Provider's network and corrected via downloads to those same networks.
In addition, Local Service Providers will be responsible for comparing database extracts of Subscription data written to an FTP site by the NPAC SMS with their versions of the same Subscription data.
In a third scenario, the NPAC SMS will select a random sample of active Subscription Versions from its database, then compare those samples to the representation of that same data in the various Local SMS databases. All three methods outlined above are designed to help ensure data integrity across the LNP network.
Report Request Functionality
The NPAC SMS supports report generation for pre-defined and ad-hoc reports. The report generation function creates output report files according to specified format definitions and distributes reports to output devices as requested. The report distribution service supports the distribution of electronic files to local/remote printers, e-mail, and FAX machines.