Spy-Robot Game, Sichuan University
In this game, there will be a normal animated cutscene of about ten frames to show the beginning of this game. The player will control the character with basic controls specified at the beginning of the game or which will hover around on the screen—basically just four controls (Jump, move forward, move backward, duck). The robot will be running in the forward direction. He controls when to jump and when to move forward or backward. "Jump" actions to dodge the aliens on the ground and the empty spaces made by the bombs dropped by the spaceships. "Move Forward" actions to let the robot move forward constantly and not fall off the edge of the left screen. "Move backwards" actions let the robot move backward to dodge the incoming bombs that might fall right Infront of them. After running for a certain distance or given time, the level will be cleared, and the robot will move on to the second phase to chase robots away or press the self-destruct button, which destroys the enemy base at the end of each level. After the first minute, the game gets more intense, with bombs raining down on our poor little robot and many mobs spawning to stop our little hero.
When earth receives a threat that a nearby colony of aliens is about to launch an attack, it sends a small spy robot to check onto the closest enemy base out of many to check their weapon advances and preparations. The robot's main objective is to find and hack the system that can "Disable" the "weaponries," which can be found at the end of each level that can be attained after going a certain distance. Our army can walk through and defeat the base if the robot succeeds in its mission. But, When the robot's cover gets blown, the whole army chases our little robot to stop him from his mission. So, will our little hero be able to save our planet?
Some of the difficult points that can arise are:
The spawn rate for enemies will take a lot of work to control.
Have to make it a bit more intense, which might make it too hard to play, and if made too easy, it will be too boring.
It should be distance-based or time-based.
The cutscenes will be hard to animate.
It carries on the general genre of endless runners. So, wondering how well it can function.

间谍机器人游戏，四川大学
在这个游戏中，会有一个大约十帧的正常动画过场动画来展示这个游戏的开始。
玩家将使用游戏开始时指定的基本控制来控制角色，或者将在屏幕上徘徊——基本上只有4种控制（跳跃、前进、后退和躲避）。
机器人将朝着前进的方向运行。
他控制着何时跳跃，何时前进或后退。
“跳”动作躲避地面上的外星人和太空飞船投下的炸弹所造成的空白。
“Move Forward”动作让机器人不断向前移动，不会掉出左屏幕的边缘。
“向后移动”动作让机器人向后移动，以躲避可能落在他们正前方的炸弹。
在奔跑一定距离或一定时间后，关卡将被清除，机器人将进入第二阶段，将机器人赶走或按下自毁按钮，在每关结束时摧毁敌人基地。
在第一分钟后，游戏变得更加激烈，炸弹如雨点般落在我们可怜的小机器人身上，许多怪物出现来阻止我们的小英雄。

当地球收到附近一群外星人即将发动攻击的威胁时，它派出一个小型间谍机器人检查最近的敌人基地，以检查他们的武器进展和准备。
机器人的主要目标是找到并破解能使“武器”失效的系统，这些“武器”在每关结束时都可以找到，只要走一段距离就可以到达。
如果机器人成功完成任务，我们的军队就能穿过并击败基地。
但是，当机器人的掩护被炸毁时，整个军队都在追逐我们的小机器人，阻止他完成任务。
那么，我们的小英雄能拯救我们的星球吗？


可能出现的一些难点有：
敌人的刷出率需要大量的工作来控制。
我们必须让它变得更激烈，这可能会让游戏变得更难玩，如果做得太简单，它就会变得太无聊。
它应该是基于距离或基于时间的。
过场动画很难做成动画。
它延续了无尽奔跑的一般类型。所以，想知道它的功能有多好。


间谍机器人游戏系统，具体包含以下需求：
1）玩家可以使用以下四种基本控制来操作角色：跳跃、前进、后退和躲避。跳跃机制：“跳跃”动作用于躲避地面上的外星人和太空飞船投下的炸弹。“前进”动作使角色不断向前移动，不会超出屏幕左边缘。“后退”动作使角色向后移动，用于躲避前方可能落下的炸弹。
2）管理角色行为：角色默认朝前进方向运行。玩家控制角色何时跳跃、前进或后退。
3）调整游戏难度：包括简单、中等、困难三种模式。随着游戏难度增加，炸弹和怪物数量增多。

