Correlator CMIB, MCCC, CPCC Interface 
Description  
Network Protocol: The interface between the CMIB, MCCC, and CPCC shall be Ethernet  (IEEE 802.3 compliant) of 100 Mbits/sec or better data rate. 
Network Topology: The interface shall be transformer coupled copper twisted pair unless other materials are required for noise (RFI), ground isolation, or physical layout constraints (long distances).
Network Distribution: Network switches shall be employed to distribute traffic within a correlator rack, where their use will significantly reduce overall network wiring complexity. 
Network Isolation – The MCCC-CMIB, MCCC-CPCC, and MCCC-EVLA M&C networks shall be on separate physical interfaces. 
Redundant Communication: There shall be a redundant communication path (serial RS-232c or equivalent) between the MCCC and CPCC to provide for the remote reboot in the event of a networking or computing failure.  
 
MCCC to EVLA M&C Interface 
Network Protocol – The interface between the MCCC and external networks (EVLA M&C) shall be Ethernet (IEEE 802.3 compliant) of 100 Mbits/sec or better data rate. 
Network Topology – Pathways penetrating the correlator shielded room shall be fiber optic or other low RFI material to meet RFI specifications.   
Security - Network routers/switches shall be employed at the MCCCEVLA M&C interface level (or higher) to protect the MCCC from unauthorized access and irrelevant network traffic. 

CMIB to Correlator Hardware Interface 
Hardware communications – The CMIB, daughter board, shall communicate with the correlator carrier boards via either the PCI or ISA busses. Alternative communication paths may be through a serial or parallel connection as required. 
Hardware identification – The CMIB shall be capable of reading a 16-bit identifier from the host correlator board. This identifier will form a unique IP address for CMIB network addressing and allow carry-over IP addressing for hot swap modules. 
Hardware addressing – The CMIB shall be able to read back the contents of all writeable hardware control registers where meaningful. It is desired that the state of the correlator hardware be available through interrogation across the CMIB bus for monitoring and fault tolerance. 
Hardware Booting – The CMIB shall have control of hardware “warm boots” such that an external command from the MCCC to reboot the CMIB shall have the option to force a hardware warm boot. 
Hardware Visual Health Monitoring – The carrier board for the CMIB shall have an externally visible indicator (LED or other) that will provide a user with a physical indication of CMIB operational status (red = fault, green = ok). 
 

Computer Functional Requirements
Power Supplies– Where applicable, all computers and peripherals shall be powered through UPS-type devices with sufficient capacity for the computers to safely coordinate a system-wide shutdown of the correlator hardware in the event of a prolonged power outage. The UPS devices need the ability to signal the CMCS when a power outage has occurred and keep the CMCS apprised of time remaining on backup power. 
Accessibility – All computers within the CMCS system shall have the ability for authorized users to directly access individual systems for maintenance and monitoring through remote logins. 
Self-Monitoring – Each computer system in the CMCS shall have a hardware-based watchdog timer configured to reboot the system in the case of a system hang. Reboots should result in minimal system interruptions, with the offending CPU reconfiguring and returning to service autonomously. 
 
CMIB
Form Factor– The CMIB shall conform to electrical and physical PC104+ standards. 
Module Features – The CMIB shall contain 64 Mbytes or greater of SDRAM, IDE hard disk interface, minimum of one serial and one parallel interface, PCI/ISA buses, 100BaseT network interface, capacity to boot and run a generic COTS operating system in a near real-time environment from local non-volatile storage. 
Operating System – The operating system/module combination shall be capable of supporting the real-time requirements of the correlator hardware, hardware monitor/control/diagnostics with support for standalone “test bench” operation with simulated control data generation, and the ability to access and upgrade correlator hardware PLD/FPGA personalities through its network connection.

MCCC
Form Factor – The MCCC shall be a high availability type general-purpose computer capable of supporting multiple Ethernet interfaces, COTS operating systems, and support server/host services for the CMIB operating system. This computer may exist as a hot-swappable or redundant CPU device capable of self-healing where possible.  
System Isolation – The MCCC shall have all required disk and file system facilities installed locally to boot and run in a standalone configuration. This should allow the correlator CMIBs to boot, configure, and run without communication outside the correlator M&C network. 

CPCC
Form Factor – The CPCC shall be a high availability type general-purpose computer capable of supporting a COTS operating system. It can accept many external hardware status signals (power, temp, etc.) directly or through external interface hardware. This computer may exist as a hot-swappable or redundant CPU device capable of self-healing where possible. 
System Isolation: The CPCC shall have all required disk and file system facilities installed locally to boot and run in a standalone configuration. This requirement allows correlator power monitoring and control to continue during an M&C network failure. 