As previously stated, the functionality of the automated diagnostic tool can be partitioned into three logical components:  the data preprocessing component, the diagnostic component, and the output component.   
 
The data-preprocessing component obtains data describing the subsystem under-diagnosis and reduces, filters, and otherwise prepares the data for input to the diagnostic component. This data includes sensed data, e.g., temperatures, pressures, electrical current, machine state, etc., and fixed data describing the characteristics of the subsystem under diagnosis, for example, specifications and design information, operating characteristics and set points, etc. The data may be processed through averaging, trending, or other statistical analysis. Sensed data can originate from data acquisition hardware either in real-time or at some arbitrary time after acquisition. Fixed data will generally be compiled prior to the operation of the diagnostic tool and be obtained from permanent storage when needed. Specific requirements will be placed on the data-preprocessing component only concerning the types of data to be input and the format and interface requirements of this input. However, the component is described here to provide insight into the operation of the software. 
 
The diagnostic component will detect and identify faults in the operation of HVAC subsystems based on sensed and fixed data input from the data-preprocessing component. The diagnostic algorithms used for fault detection will be derived from current expert practices by AEC. The faults identified by the diagnostic will be enumerated and described under the functional requirements section. 
 
The output component will display and record the results output from the diagnostic component. The diagnostics results will be displayed in a simple, graphical, and textual format. The results will also be stored in permanent storage for subsequent retrieval and analysis. 
 
User and Environment Characteristics 
As previously stated, users of the automated diagnostic tool will include service technicians, energy service providers, building operators, and building operator supervisors. Installed platforms could consist of portable computers, handheld devices, and personal workstations in control rooms and offices. Installed platforms may communicate with the HVAC unit under-diagnosis using wireless interfaces, direct point-to-point connections, or the Internet or local area network. Platform operating systems will be initially restricted to Microsoft Windows-compatible systems.   
 
The computer expertise of the user base could vary over a wide range. Some users could be quite sophisticated, others familiar with only rudimentary computer-based tasks. However, it is expected that all users will have a good fundamental understanding of HVAC units. Setting up and operating the automated diagnostic tool should require minimal user input. 
 
Service technicians are expected to use the software as often as their service tasks dictate, perhaps several times a day for periods up to about one hour, close to the HVAC unit and possibly out of doors.   They may also set up a diagnostic tool to collect data continuously offsite at their offices and inspect the data periodically to identify faults or confirm proper operation. Building operators are expected to use the software occasionally every day. The tool would collect data and process it continuously, but the operators would only check the results periodically. They may view results for only a few seconds to check the equipment status while passing through a control room or sit at a monitor for several minutes more carefully inspecting the diagnostic results and other information available on the tool’s display. Energy service providers and building operator supervisors could potentially use the software in a more continuous mode, allowing it to operate undisturbed for many hours or days to record diagnostic results. 