User Functionality

Apply for an Account
End users can apply for an account directly through the web portal. 
 
Users must enter all required fields. 
The user must enter their NCAR Gatekeeper username.
 
View account details 
 
The user can view their current account details 
The user must be logged in to the portal 
Display all the account properties 
Password will not be displayed 
 
Delete account 
 
The system shall provide a means to request that the user account be deleted from the system. 
The system shall notify the portal admin(s) about the deleted requests. 
 
Login to system 
 
The system shall require the user to enter their username and password to log in to the system. 
 
The user shall be prompted at the beginning of the session for their credentials; once logged in, they will not be prompted for additional or different credentials. 
All login actions shall be protected by using secure data channels 
The system shall lock the account after three login attempts. This will require portal admin action to unlock the account.  
Admin users will be authenticated against the portal database. 
Users will be authenticated against the NCAR Gatekeeper system. 

Administrative Functions 
Approve Accounts 
 
Portal Admin(s) will receive an e-mail notification when new accounts are ready for review. 
Display a list of all accounts pending review 
Approve specific account 
Approve account 
Add message 
Reject account 
Add message 
Assign Template Submission Privileges 
 
The system shall allow portal administrators the ability to control template submission rights. 

List Accounts 
The portal admin shall be able to list the user accounts in the system. 
List all user accounts 
List accounts pending approval 
List all account deletion requests 
List all locked accounts 
 
Delete Accounts 
 
Delete a specific user account 
Their operation will not be reversible 
Data removal 
Templates 
All user-submitted templates will NOT be deleted from the disk 
Shared Objects 
All shared objects that have NOT been referenced by dependent projects will be deleted. 
All other objects/projects 
It will be deleted entirely from the system. 
 
Lock/Unlock accounts. 
The admin can lock accounts. 
The user will be notified via e-mail. 
Further logins will not be permitted until unlocked 
Currently executing jobs will continue to run until the job ends or is terminated by the portal admin 
The admin can unlock accounts 
Once unlocked, the user can log in to the system and resume use. 
 
Job Management 
 
The portal admin will have a display of all running jobs sorted by user 
The status of each job and tile will be visible to the portal admin 
The portal admin shall be able to terminate any user’s running jobs. 
 
Assign User Roles 
 
The system shall assign all user accounts to the scientist role by default. 
The system shall allow the portal admin to change a user’s role in the system. 