Use Case Specifications – Submit Request for Appointed Counsel

Description
The purpose of this use case is to describe the activities involved in submitting a Request for Appointed Counsel to the Office of Attorney Appointments.
Supports Objective(s) 

Enable law enforcement agencies to capture defendant and incident information and supporting paper documents within 48 hours of arrest.  

Enable magistrates to electronically review request(s) for counsel and submit the request(s) for counsel within 24 hours of the indigency hearing.
Actors
Defendant
Detention Facility Officer
Magistrate 
Office of Attorney Appointments
City Clerk
Notary
Flow of Events
Basic Path
This use case starts after the Defendant has been arrested and transported to a Detention Facility.
Detention Facility Officer captures Defendant, Incident, and Financial Information.
Defendant swears to and signs Financial Affidavit.
Detention Facility Officer witnesses and signs Financial Affidavit. 
Detention Facility Officer schedules Indigency Hearing. 
The Magistrate informs Defendant of the right to request the appointment of counsel and asks whether Defendant wants a Court Appointed Attorney.
Defendant requests the appointment of a Court Appointed Attorney.
Magistrate reviews Financial Affidavit.
Magistrate interviews/questions Defendant.
The Magistrate determines that Defendant is indigent.
Defendant and Magistrate sign Request for Appointed Counsel. 
Magistrate submits Request for Appointed Counsel to the Office of Attorney Appointments.
Alternative Path 1
Defendant waives the right to Court Appointed Attorney
This alternative path replaces the basic path beginning at step 6.
Defendant waives the right to Court Appointed Attorney.
Defendant signs Waiver of Appointed Counsel.
Magistrate submits Waiver of Appointed Counsel to the Office of Attorney Appointment.
Alternative Path 2
The Magistrate determines Defendant is not indigent
This alternative path replaces the basic path beginning at step 9.
The Magistrate determines that Defendant is not indigent.
Magistrate submits notice of indigency determination to the Office of Attorney Appointments.  