End user functions
Presence
Define the typical functions available to the end user in function categories.
An example layout could be:

Use of Passport to log in to the messenger
Using an existing Passport account allows the user to log in to the messenger.
It is not possible to create a new Passport account.

Maintenance of users' status
The ability to change and maintain the status is visible to the buddies. The application provides a list where the end-user can choose the new status.

See the presence status of your buddies.
The application will display the status of the end-users buddies. 
When a buddy changes his status, the application shall update it.

Own Nickname
The end-user can change the nickname with which the user is visible to the buddies.

Nickname of buddies
Show the nicknames of the end-users buddies on the buddy list. 
The application updates the displayed nick in the contact list when a buddy changes the nickname.

Appoint a user-defined nickname
The application allows assigning a nickname to a specified buddy; this nickname has a preference above the nickname set by the buddy.

Add buddies to your contact list.
The application provides an option to add a buddy to the buddy list. 

Delete buddies from your contact list
The application has the option to delete a buddy from the buddy list.

Blocking a buddy
The application has the option to block certain buddies.
Messaging
Incoming message notification
The application has a visible notification when an incoming message is received.

Read incoming messages
Show incoming messages on the screen.

Write a message
Create a message and send it to a buddy.

Emoticons in messages
Show emoticons in incoming and outgoing messages. 
Display a list of emoticons to choose from when the user wants to include an emoticon in the message he is writing.

Show (session) history
Show the history of messages sent and received in the current chat session.

Group conversation
Chat with multiple buddies together.
Miscellaneous
TV program
The ability to request the TV program/channel the end-users online buddy is watching at the moment.

New mail notification
Show a notification when there is a new e-mail in the user's Hotmail inbox.

Check your Hotmail account. 
Display the inbox of the user's Hotmail account
Show e-mails from the user's Hotmail account on the screen.

Play games
Play games with online buddies.