Module: Admin 
The system shall display the hyperlinks and descriptions for the user to perform the desired functions specified in the related UIS. 
The user shall be able to view the hyperlinks and descriptions listed. 
The user shall be able to choose a function by clicking the hyperlink. 
The system shall display the desired operational page for the user after clicking the hyperlink. 
Action: Create/Add User 
A user with admin privileges shall be able to Add/Create a new user and associate the user with a specified role(s) in the system. 
The system shall display an error message if the new user is found in the [system name]. 
The system shall display an error message if the new user is not active in the Active Directory. 
The system shall display the xxx tab as the default tab. The user shall be able to create/add a new user manually or from a template. 
The user record shall inherit all specified role(s) settings in the template when the user record is created from the user template.
The user shall be able to add additional roles manually while creating/adding a new user from a user template. 
The system shall save the user info to the database with specified roles associated with divisions for the newly created/added user. 
The system shall search on the [system name] user display name and user name columns in the user tables to find and verify the user’s existence. 
The system shall perform a search in the Active Directory to verify the status of the user — Active/Inactive within the company—when the user attempts to create/add a new user in the [system name] system. 
The system shall generate a standard confirmation message after saving data and warning/caution messages after clicking the cancel or close button. 
The user must have the flexibility to click any tab to commence the adding process, although the xxx tab shall display as the default tab. 
As specified in the UIS, all required fields must be marked with a red asterisk alerting the user to fill the required fields. 
The user shall be able to save data after creating/adding a new user or cancel data to abort the process. 
The system shall clear up data if the user clicks the Cancel button while creating/adding a new user. 
The system shall direct the user to the xxx page if the user chooses to click the close button without entering any data. 
The user must associate at least one role, division, designator code, and lab location when creating/adding a new user. 
The user must fill in the required fields—User Name and Display Name—in the User Information section when creating/adding a new user. 
The system shall generate a standard error/warning message after the user attempts to save data without associating one of the following criteria—xxx—and without filling in the required fields in the User Information section.