The system should provide a categorized view of the entire inventory to the Construction Junction staff. Starting at the department level, users can navigate the inventory item categories and subcategories down to individual inventory items. 
Actor(s): 
Administrator Director Manager Customer Service Representative Receiving Associate 
Pick Up Associate Decon Associate 
Assumptions,Pre-Conditions&Triggers: 
The user is logged into the system 
Use Case Dependencies 
None
BasicFlows: 
The user accesses the main inventory screen 
The screen displays all inventory departments 
The user clicks a department cell 
The screen displays all inventory categories for the selected department 
The user clicks a category cell that contains subcategories 
The screen displays all inventory subcategories for the selected category 
The user clicks a subcategory cell (leaf category) 
For a Unique Item category: The screen displays a list of all inventory items for that selected category 7.1.2. The user clicks an item in the items list The screen displays the details for the item 
For a Stock Item category: The screen displays the details for that Stock Item category 
For an Under $5 category: Nothing happens – The category cell is not clickable 
Alternative Flows: 
At any point, the user may click on a department on the inventory department shortcuts list, which takes the user to the inventory view for that particular department. 
The user may click View All Items button at any level in the inventory to view a list of all items in that department or category. 
The user may click the View All Items button on the main inventory screen to view the complete list of all items in the inventory. 
Once in the view items list screen, the user may filter the results by searching for: A particular item by item number All items with Donor, Department, Category, or Description match the provided keyword 4.3. All items with specific attributes, features, and details. 
Business Rules: 
Inventory departments and categories are displayed in matrix format 
The matrix dimensions are fixed and are the same when displaying departments or categories. 
Unused matrix cells are displayed empty. 
The actual matrix dimensions are to be determined during system implementation. 
The matrix should be able to hold at least 30 tiles at each level 
Each matrix cell displays a department or category name. 
For departments with subcategories, the department name is a hyperlink to the view of the department subcategories. 
In a department with no subcategories, the department name is a hyperlink to the view of the items in the department.
For categories with subcategories, the category name is a hyperlink to the view of the subcategories. 
For a category with no subcategories For a Unique Item category, the category name is a hyperlink to a view of the items under that category .
For a Stock Item category, the category name is a hyperlink to a view of the details for that 
Stock Item, including the current quantity on hand 5.4.3.For an Under $5 category: 
The category name is not a hyperlink 
By default, the items list contains the list of all Unique and Stock items in the selected department or 
category, or across all departments and categories when viewing the all inventory items screen 
When a search keyword is specified, the system filters the default items list for that screen and 
returns only the items for which the keyword matches one or more of the following columns: 7.1. Donor 
Department Category Description 
The system displays the item details screen when the user clicks on an item in the items list for a category or department. 
Departments and categories are listed in alphabetical order in each row, from left to right and top to bottom. 
The cell in the top left corner of the matrix always represents a generic item in the selected department (e.g., a generic appliance when viewing the categories in the appliance department) and is automatically generated by the system. 
The cell, right of the top left corner of the matrix, always represents under $5 items in the selected department and is automatically generated by the system.