Log in to the system from the internet. 
Summary: accessing the system from outside the VUB network
Actors: everyone who wants to make use of the system
Preconditions: the actor needs a computer with internet access
Description: the actor gets a screen where they will be able to log in.
Exceptions: user must be registered and have a username and password Result: the actor can log in 
Log in to the system via the VUB network. 
Summary: accessing the system while using the VUB-Network. 
Actors: everyone who wants to make use of the system 
Preconditions: be on a computer that is connected to the VUB network 
Description: the actor gets a screen where he will be able to log in or where they can start a search immediately 
Exceptions: none 
Result: the actor can log in or can perform a search 
Register for an account 
Summary: requesting access to the system (become a Member) 
Actors: everyone who wants to make use of the system 
Preconditions: the actor needs a computer with internet access or is connected to the VUB network 
Description: 
The actor selects the Register function 
the actor chooses a username and password and fills in personal data: name, login name, email address, university, and department 
the system checks if the username already exists 
the actor confirms 
Exceptions: none 
Result: an email is sent to the Administrator 
Log off 
Summary: Log off the system
Actors: Members, Publishers, Moderators, and Administrators
Preconditions: the user is logged in to the system
Description: the actor selects the Logout function
Exceptions: none
Result: the actor is directed to the system start page, where they can log in. 
Change password 
Summary: A user who has forgotten their password can request a new one. 
Actors: VUB-network users, Members, Publishers, Moderators, and Administrators 
Preconditions: the user must have registered before and had a valid username on the system. 
Description: 
The actor chooses to change the password.
The actor confirms the actor fills in his username and enters a new password.
Exceptions: no valid username on the system 
Result: an email is sent to the Administrator
Search for publications 
Summary: searching for publications in the system 
Actors: VUB-network users and Members, Publishers, Moderators, and Administrators 
Preconditions: the actor needs to be logged in to the system or is connected to the VUB network 
Description:
The actor selects the Search Publication function. 
The actor fills in the search criteria: keyword, author, period of publication, and more advanced search criteria such as keyword(s) and reference, etc. 
Exceptions: none 
Result: a list of publications fulfilling the search criteria. 