External Interface Requirements 
Receive from IDPS 
The System shall be capable of receiving data and products from IDPS. 
xDR Ingest from IDPS 
The System shall be capable of requesting and accepting all xDRs generated by the IDPS. 
SARSAT Telemetry from IDPS 
The System shall be capable of receiving SARSAT Telemetry from the IDPS. 
A-DCS Data and Telemetry from IDPS 
The System shall be capable of receiving A-DCS data and telemetry from the IDPS. 
Product Subscriptions to the IDPS 
The System shall provide an operator console capable of utilizing IDPS client software to submit data product subscriptions to the IDPS. 
Ad Hoc Requests to the IDPS 
The System shall be capable of automatically submitting Ad Hoc Requests to the IDPS for the retransmission of Data Products. 
Data Delivery Notifications 
The System shall be capable of receiving Data Delivery Reports (DDRs) from the IDPS. 
Ancillary Data Product Acquisition 
The System shall be capable of receiving Ancillary Data Products from the Environmental Satellite Processing Center (ESPC). 
Process Archived Data 
The System shall be capable of ingesting and processing archived data. 
Receive from CLASS 
The System shall provide an operator console capable of requesting Data Products from the Comprehensive Large Array-data Stewardship System (CLASS). 
Data Products from CLASS 
The System shall be capable of receiving Data Products delivered from CLASS. 
Send CLASS Data Receipt 
The System shall be capable of sending a Data Receipt to CLASS for each Data Product received from CLASS. 
MMC Interface Through ESPC 
ESPC Operations shall provide an interface between NDE and the NPOESS Mission Management Center (MMC). Such that 100% of the NDE inquiries to the MMC and NDE replies to MMC requests are received by the MMC in a time not to exceed that specified in the ICD and that 100% of the notifications and inquiries from the MMC to NDE are received by NDE in a time not to exceed that defined by the ICD. 
NPOESS Trouble Ticket Interface 
The System shall provide an operator console capable of interfacing with the NPOESS trouble ticketing system. 
ESPC Trouble Ticket Interface 
The System shall provide an operator console capable of interfacing with the ESPC trouble ticketing system. 
Internal Interface Requirements 
Schedule Tasks 
The System shall be capable of executing tasks according to a schedule. 
Event Driven Tasks 
The System shall be capable of executing tasks initiated by events. 
Reliability of Scheduled Tasks 
The System shall be capable of executing 99% of its scheduled tasks in any consecutive 30-day period. 
Reliability of Event-Driven Tasks 
The System shall be capable of executing 99% of its event-driven tasks in any consecutive 30-day period.